README.md, before:

# Parrot 🔊🦜

Parrot is a library that augments the audio support in libGDX. It provides flexible ways to manage sound effects and music tracks.

Warning! This library is still in early development!

Parrot was originally made for the Grashers game and transformed into an open source project due to way too many developers having to implement something very similar in their own games.

## This library isn't functional yet.

But I'm working on it! :)

#### Roadmap

- [x] Port Sound system.
- [x] Port Music system.
- [x] Implement Boom.
- [x] ~~Most of the library uses volume, but should it use decibels everywhere instead?~~ No, volume is easier to understand.
- [ ] Put a flag in the settings to control whether or not the maximum volume played by the app should be 1. (True by default)
- [ ] Implement pitch multipliers based on SoundCategories.
- [ ] Implement volume multipliers per music channel.
- [ ] Create a very clean and straightforward API in the Parrot class.
- [ ] Review the entire documentation to make sure everything is as clear as possible.
- [ ] Create an example module with a fully functional implementation, which will also be used as a test application.
- [ ] Write a proper README. (Including lwjgl3 and Boom limitations.)
- [ ] Create a simple wiki with instructions.
- [ ] Release v1.0.0 through Jitpack.

Commit message:

Get rid of Camera references in SoundPlayer, use raw coordinates instead

README.md, after:

# Parrot 🔊🦜

Parrot is a library that augments the audio support in libGDX. It provides flexible ways to manage sound effects and music tracks.

Warning! This library is still in early development!

Parrot was originally made for the Grashers game and transformed into an open source project due to way too many developers having to implement something very similar in their own games.

## This library isn't functional yet.

But I'm working on it! :)

#### Roadmap

- [x] Port Sound system.
- [x] Port Music system.
- [x] Implement Boom.
- [x] ~~Most of the library uses volume, but should it use decibels everywhere instead?~~ No, volume is easier to understand.
- [x] ~~Put a flag in the settings to control whether or not the maximum volume played by the app should be 1. (True by default)~~ Not applicable.
- [x] Get rid of Camera references in SoundPlayer, use raw coordinates instead.
- [ ] Implement pitch multipliers based on SoundCategories.
- [ ] Implement volume multipliers per music channel.
- [ ] Create a very clean and straightforward API in the Parrot class.
- [ ] Review the entire documentation to make sure everything is as clear as possible.
- [ ] Create an example module with a fully functional implementation, which will also be used as a test application.
- [ ] Write a proper README. (Including lwjgl3 and Boom limitations.)
- [ ] Create a simple wiki with instructions.
- [ ] Release v1.0.0 through Jitpack.
